hello everyone it's August 31st I
believe it's Wednesday so I'm half Adam
the week just exciting but today I had
Spanish and a bunch of classes which I
can't remember at this time but they
were fun and my extreme weather and
climate book for my weather climate and
atmosphere class it's quite interesting
actually the only thing that bugs me is
that the teacher leases his class
exactly after the book so the PowerPoint
uses all the same like pictures and
graphs and charts and it's kind of
annoying because they told us to read
the chapter before class and normally
I'm not big on reading but I like this
idea I'm into the weather candy and so I
decided to read it and it was like not
interesting it was just you know it was
a pretty good book but it's boring the
second time you hear it when it says
exactly the same thing and it's like why
should I read the book if I don't know
if I'm going to go to the class anyway
and you're gonna tell me the exact same
thing I don't really know but anyway it
should be interesting and learning about
the stratosphere in them thermosphere in
the troposphere and all those theories
which is actually pretty interesting to
me which sounds really many but I'm not
ashamed of that another class is my
Spanish class which was a little better
today we talked more about ourselves and
we all laughed a lot because sometimes I
can think of the right words and
sometimes things just don't make sense
and sometimes we just share just silly
stories about each other that helps us
speak in Spanish and I'm really starting
to like that teacher well one thing I
was gonna say is we're reading this poem
and it's called to make us Blanca if you
read Spanish or you can probably get it
translated to English but that probably
won't be it's good it's a good poem it's
really short only fifty six seven eight
nine fifty-nine stand there sixty that
might be sixty no I think it's 59 I
don't know anyway um I thought it was
good you should let it up if you are
interested in reading
about the color white Julie random
anyway this is just interesting night um
what is it my my stats class my teacher
is extremely enthusiastic which is kind
of nice at times but at other times it's
a little overwhelming
she keeps you awake though so it's night
but it's still I don't know sometimes I
just wanna be like I'm now pretty Seiken
let me hold on let me breathe because he
just goes those girls and all he's
talking any swear song which is fun I
don't know why but I always loved one
professor a slayer it just makes me seem
more real and like awesome i I don't
really know why but snow son My Week
isn't exactly that interesting yeah I'm
gonna have so much more to do lately I
have a in the next few days next few
weeks I have a meeting for my mentoring
program stuff that 5 which is like half
an hour go to and I have to figure out
stuff from academic assistantship and I
have to a meeting for work tomorrow for
the middle schoolers and this was
craziness so much stress well you can
see it in my face
my exactly looking the best right now
which sucks but and I'm weighing this
lotion
ok look shiny I have like this healthy
glow lotion to make you not look at pale
on my neck because I give my body pretty
tan and I like it but when I wash my
face my tan comes off my face really
well like I do it from the Sun but I
just you face loses it a lot faster the
rest of my body is and so then I hope
like have like me and then I put my
makeup on and then I look like an orange
face and like the body that doesn't
match alright my face is really white
and my body is really tan it's just I
can never find a happy medium so I
decided to try using this lotion I keep
touching it because it's really slimy
almost but if I'm like it um that's like
two data kind of and if you can't really
tell much I don't think but it takes a
while it's really work but I'm trying to
make it so my face matches the rest of
my body I really don't want to be
girls ahead like that the line and stuff
and you're like she's wearing a mask
because that's what it looks like anyway
that's not it I'll take you tomorrow on
everything that's going on I'm going to
dinner with Brady tonight which we fun
and I think there is a cash thing
tonight we can win cash put on by our
Student Activities Board which will to
be sure to be tons of fun so excited
okay I mean if I win money that would be
cool but it's kind of a little lame
anyway top